Lotte Reiniger is an artist that mainly uses movement in her ar. I watched two videos of how her art is like, and all I saw was constant movement. It is kind of like a movie, so to speak. By including movement in her art, she can have characters do different things, which will allow the audience to grasp a better understanding of her scenario. Unlike Bill Watterson, she adds movement in her art and does not draw boxes for each scenario. The entire screen changes when the setting changes. 

Bill Watterson was a cartoon artist that entertained many people in this world. His drawings are "animated" as in the characters are "talking animals". From what I have seen, he does not draw people to look realistic. His style of art reminds me of when I used to read the cartoon books of Garfield. His art style is very similar to Garfield. He draws separate boxes for each little scenario and includes text bubbles to allow the characters to speak. The video also said that Watterson's drawings and scenarios had spice and passion within them. Garfield's story is all about a cat eating and being lazy. There is no passion or interesting spice in this story. 

Berkeley Breathed, from my understanding, is an author and an artist. From all of my previous People to Know artists, never have I ever wrote about an artist that is also an author, so Berkeley is a special artist to me. He wrote and drew a book named Flawed Dogs. It was about how this dog went through some really rough times, and eventually, he loses his ability to love. But with the help of some other dogs, they brought him a second chance. This book seems really fun and emotional to read. Not only would the words from the story touch me, but the pictures would also. These pictures help me understand the setting and the situation of the book. All of these pictures were personally drawn by Berkeley himself. 

James Powderly is one of my top favorite artists so far. From my understanding, he is a graffiti artist, except that he uses lasers and pixels in his art. I am not too sure if this is correct, but from what I see, he projects a screen on a surface and then uses a light-projected tool to draw and make shapes in from the surface. There was one of the art pieces that showed a pyramid, and he "drew" a dripping eye on it. An advantage to this type of art is that the graffiti is just projected. It can be removed at any time. There are also limitless possibilities for what he can do. For example, he projected a mouse cursor on a building. He then started clicking on the rooms with lights, making it look as if the building was a computer, and he was clicking on his apps from his home page. I found this artist very interesting, and I would like to see his art live so I can witness the true action of this art. 

RAFAËL ROZENDAAL is by far, my favorite artist out of all the other artists that I watched in this People of Interest list. The main reason why I declare this is because the art involves movement in it, which entertains the audience and grabs their attention. It also keeps the audience on a constant cliff hanger because as they watch and go through the art animation, they are curious to what will happen next, or what surprises they may encounter. Something that caught my interest as I wandering into the video was the VR-like art piece. I found this very cool and very amusing to me. There was a man standing in front of a projected screen. When he would move his head, the center of the screen would move along with it. Taking advantage of this, RAFAËL created a little obstacle course. The objective of the game is to dodge all of the incoming blocks by maneuvering around each and every obstacle. This reminded me very much of the VR game that I have back at home called Beat Saber. In this game, there are obstacles that are similar to RAFAËL's obstacles. I really enjoyed learning about his art style, and would really want to experience being in the place of the man in front of the projected screen.

Chris Milk was indeed a unique artist. From my understanding, he is an artist that uses music to create his ideas. "Music is the starting point from which many of my ideas grow." My favorite part of the first video was the panel art. The person would stay in front of it and move their arms. When their arms are extended far enough, wings from a bird appear to make it look like it is a huge shadow of a bird flying. One day, I would really like to be able to stand in front of one of the art panels and experience the feeling of how the projection from a human to a bird feels. 

Daniel Anguilu is, from what I understand, a wall artist. He uses all different types of brushes and colors in order to accomplish his goal. I think that his goal is to make the streets of Houston look alive and happy. In the video, it explained how he liked the way that the people can move along with the colors on the wall. He also uses "light" colors or unharmful colors. This symbolizes peace and joy. One day, I wish to see one of his art pieces out in the streets, enlightening peoples day. 

Shamsia Hassani is a very famous Afghanistan graffiti artist. In the video, it states that she chose to do graffiti because she can share her ideas with people. When people walk by and see her graffiti, they can analyze her artwork, inspect certain characteristics, and allow Shamsia's idea to flow through their mind. "Art is important in some countries like Afghanistan because people need it. People get tired of words." She wants to put thought into people's mind not through words, but from images. One of the techniques that she uses really surprised me. Basically, she would draw her art style of graffiti on a wall or a certain building, take a picture of her art, print it out, and then draw over her art. I have not ever heard of another artist that does this. The process and the thought that she puts into each of her art pieces are impressive. 

Ed Fairburn, from my understanding, is a map artist. He uses complex maps as his paper and draws portraits of people. Not only does he draw the people, but he also uses an abundance of shading. The drawing is so natural, it looks as if the man belongs to the map or vise-versa. This takes a lot of skill and technique to accomplish. Also, for one of the pictures, the red lines served the purpose of making the man's face looked cracked. This creates sadness in the picture. 

Banksy is known as a street artist. The second video surprised me the most. From my understanding, Banksy is a specialist in the opposite of Disney. He created his own theme park named, "Dismaland." This odd theme park is the exact opposite of any normal theme park. Usually, people would go to theme parks to have fun and enjoy their experience with famil. This park, has a creepy and dull atmosphere to it. It looks like an abandone, haunted park. For example, instead of Cinderella riding safety in the carrage, Banksy created a scenario to where Cinderella crashed, and flew out of the carrage. This just inputs a bad vibe in my head.

James Jean specialized in a movie called, "The Shape of Water". I have never heard of this movie, but it looks like a love movie. In the second video, he drew a women with a crayon-like structure. He was very careful with all his turns and depths. He adds lots of detail in his art. 

Alberto Seveso is a photoshop artist. He said himself that he likes the idea of creativity. The thought of him being self-taught is just amusing and unbelievable, to me. I am taught by many other people and I still struggle to operate some functions. From what I understand, this artist likes to edit people's faces, and add color, texture, or disolving strands, leadig away from their face.

Kirsty Mitchell is somewhat similar to Oleg Dou. Both of their art styles include real-life people. Kirsty's art consists of specific detail that differentiates her art style from others. Some of her art consists of natural nature. Pure nature instead of using fake trees and plants, she takes her tools and goes to a forest/jungle that perfectly fits her style of art. One picture was a woman with a pale/white face. She also is covered with flowers, making her a  beauty.

Oleg Dou was born in Moscow, and he lived all his life in Moscow. When he realized that he was going to be an artist, he was about six or seven. From what I understand, he uses photoshop as his art style. He took a picture of his friend and photoshopped her face. His artwork is mainly about people and the beauty in their face. He makes other people's face white and adds detail to it. He does this all by using photoshop.

Shepard Fairey has a style of art that mainly consists of spray painting. He has created many famous pieces that include the Obama Campaign flyer that states, "HOPE". This takes a lot of preciseness and skill to accomplish. He is making an art piece that looks like other professional art pieces, but instead of using a brush, he is using a spray painting can! In my opinion, that is extremely hard! I have personally watched spray painters make their art in New York City when I was young. The art piece that my family purchased from the artist can be described as a city with huge planets in the background. I saw how he made every circle. He used different outlines/circles to make the moon for instance. He placed the circle on the painting an spray painted inside. The most interesting part of the artist's painting was when he made the bridge. When he drew the lines that connect the arch of the bridge and the bottom of the bridge, he used a thin structure and quickly swiped the painting, creating the lines for the bridge. I also saw another painting that he did, and it was a close-up painting of Spiderman.

Patrick Renner is an artist who makes 3D art pieces. Unlike the others, Patrick designs snd puts together masterpieces for other organizations to use. His work space in simply in a warehouse. Once, he created a float for the houston Thanksgiiving parade. On the float, is stated,"H-Town". He added a little skateboard ramp inside the float. He also designed and built the funnel tunnel for decorations. The tunnel consists of countless strands of wood. His group, along with himself, had to construct the funnel tunnel in parts. 

Kehinde Wiley has a cultural syle in his art. As I watched the video, I witnessed that he likes to draw about his own race. He also explained that by thecharacteristics of the person, whether they are wearing something, or holding something, you can tell their origin. He also like to add realistic objects and color in his paintings. Another style that Kehinde had stain-glass. He combined religious cultures with his style of art. This is one of my most favorite artists. He cares bout his race, and devotes his art to them. He is very generous, humble and wise. He understands what they go through.

Andy Warhol also has a unique style of art. Most of his paintings are real-life images. For example, he likes to paint pictures of people, soup cans, soap boxes, etc. Not only does he draw the person, for example, he also adds more detail. For his Michael Jackson painting, Andy painted his hair to where (from a viewers' perspective) the left side of his hair is red, and the color slowly fades to orange as you look to the right side of his hair. He outlined it so that Michael still has his natural hair color, but the color adds taste. The video also mentioned that the painting of Michael Jackson's face looks as if someone is wearing a mask. In my elementary school, we would watch many fun videos of Andy Warhol. the first painting that I witnessed was the famous Campbell's Chicken Soup.

Josef Albers is an art teacher in Germany. He is known to use a great amount of color within his paintings. He is also renowned to use minimal means to demonstrate an extraordinary effect. On one of his paintings, I first thought that the paint was see-through. Then the narrator explained that he uses shades in his art, creating the translucency of his paint. This creates movement throughout the viewers' eyes, and throughout the colors.

Casey Reas is a software artist. He thinks that software is the natural medium. I think that means that the software is "normal drawing" for him. He likes to sketch first, allowing his ideas to evolve. His art is not only still, but they move around, adding spice and thought to the viewers' mind. Some create a cool overall image. One of his paintings originates from one single white line, into what looks like a long splat of milk. He also uses color to bring out emotions and feelings. He explained that in films, the sound creates how the viewer should feel. Casey Reas uses color to create how the viewer should feel about his type of art. 

Bridget Riley has a very unique art form. She uses geometric abstractions to give the art spice and to put thought into the viewers' mind. Her art inspires the spark of other art. For example, her wavy art image sparked an idea for the strong waves of musicians. She also has many other art forms. One set of paintings are black and white, but the other set is full of colors. She likes to be diverse in colors. 

Victor Vasarely is a man of art. He is world famous for his unique style. Although he died in 1997, his very own museum opened up in 1976. Most people say that his art was born in the museum. He himself organized other artist's work by their uniqueness and their distinct style. A zebra, styled carpet is one of the biggest attractions in the museum. It was a kinetic experiment that represents space movement time and space illusionism. In total, his artworks were exhibited for almost three decades.
